README.md, before:

# Gemini Memory Bank Framework

This is not just a set of prompts, but a complete **cognitive architecture** for the Gemini AI assistant, designed to manage the full software development lifecycle. It transforms the AI from a simple executor into a proactive project partner.

## Version

The current version of the framework is defined in `manifest.json`.

## Quick Start: Integrating Into Your Project

This guide will help you add `gemini-memory-bank` to your new or existing project.

1.  **Copy the Framework into Your Project.**
    It's recommended to place it in a subdirectory, like `.gemini-tools`, to avoid cluttering the project root.

    ```bash
    # Clone the framework into a temporary folder
    git clone https://github.com/versus/gemini-memory-bank.git temp-gemini-bank

    # Create a directory for AI tools in your project
    mkdir -p /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools

    # Copy the framework
    cp -r temp-gemini-bank/* /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools/gemini-memory-bank

    # Remove the temporary folder
    rm -rf temp-gemini-bank
    ```

2.  **Bootstrap the Framework.**
    At the beginning of each work session, give your AI assistant (Gemini) one, clear command by **passing it the content of the `bootstrap.md` file**.

    **Example command:**
    > `Load and execute the instructions from the file /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools/gemini-memory-bank/bootstrap.md`

    This file contains explicit orders for the AI to activate the entire system: it loads the core, identifies key files, and runs the startup procedure. This is the most reliable way to start.

3.  **Start Working.**
    After executing the bootstrap command, the AI should respond with something like:
    > `Context loaded. The project board has 2 tasks in 'To Do' and 0 in 'In Progress'. What should we focus on?`

    From this moment, the system is fully active and ready for work.

## Core Principles

1.  **Multi-Mode Operation**: The AI automatically switches between modes (`Planning`, `Implementation`, `Documentation`, etc.) depending on the task.
2.  **Task Management**: All tasks are tracked on the `project_board.md`, ensuring transparency and control over the workflow.
3.  **Long-Term Memory**: Session context is saved in `session_memory.md`, allowing you to pick up your work from anywhere, on any machine.
4.  **Definition of Done**: A task is not considered "Done" until the code is written, tests are passed, **and** the documentation is updated.

---

## How to Use: The Main Workflow

The primary workflow is centered around the `project_board.md` task board.

### 1. Planning (Creating Tasks)

*   **Your command:** `"plan the implementation of the authentication feature"` or `"let's create a work plan for today"`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    1.  Switches to **Planning Mode**.
    2.  Asks clarifying questions and creates a detailed plan.
    3.  After your approval, **automatically** adds each plan item as a task to the `To Do` column on the `project_board.md`.

### 2. Implementation (Completing Tasks)

*   **Your command:** `"let's start with the task to create the login UI"` or simply `"what's our next task?"`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    1.  Switches to **Implementation Mode**.
    2.  Moves the selected task to `In Progress` on the board.
    3.  Writes the code, tests, and performs all necessary work.
    4.  **Forcibly** switches to **Documentation Mode** to update `README.md`, `CHANGELOG.md`, etc.
    5.  Only after your final approval, it moves the task to `Done`.

### 3. Management and Review

*   **Your command:** `"show me the project board"`, `"audit the documentation for relevance"`, `"archive our session"`.
*   **Framework Updates**: `"update framework from /path/to/new_version"`
    *   **What the AI does**: Switches to **Update Framework Mode**. Compares versions, asks for confirmation if downgrading, copies new framework files (excluding user data like `project_board.md`, `session_memory.md`), and then re-initializes the framework via `bootstrap.md`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    *   **Task Management**: Displays the `project_board.md`.
    *   **Documentation (Audit)**: Checks for discrepancies between code and docs.
    *   **Archive**: Saves the session summary to `session_memory.md`.
    *   **Reflect**: Analyzes past sessions to find bottlenecks and provide recommendations.
    *   **Security and Compliance**: Performs security audits and compliance checks.

---

## Framework Structure

*   `README.md`: This guide (in English).
*   `README.ru.md`: The same guide in Russian.
*   `project_board.md`: **Your task board.** The main file for daily work.
*   `session_memory.md`: The AI's long-term memory. Can be left untouched.
*   `CHANGELOG.md`: The project's change history.
*   `manifest.json`: Configuration file for all modes.
*   `core/`: The core with the AI's main logic.
*   `docs/`: A folder for detailed project documentation.
*   `modes/`: A folder containing the instructions for each operational mode.

This framework is designed to make collaboration with AI as structured, predictable, and professional as possible.

Commit message:

Update process and rabbit code quality

README.md, after:

# Gemini Memory Bank Framework

This is not just a set of prompts, but a complete **cognitive architecture** for the Gemini AI assistant, designed to manage the full software development lifecycle. It transforms the AI from a simple executor into a proactive project partner.

## Version

The current version of the framework is defined in `manifest.json`.

## Quick Start: Integrating Into Your Project

This guide will help you add `gemini-memory-bank` to your new or existing project.

1.  **Copy the Framework into Your Project.**
    It's recommended to place it in a subdirectory, like `.gemini-tools`, to avoid cluttering the project root.

    ```bash
    # Clone the framework into a temporary folder
    git clone https://github.com/versus/gemini-memory-bank.git temp-gemini-bank

    # Create a directory for AI tools in your project
    mkdir -p /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools

    # Copy the framework
    cp -r temp-gemini-bank/* /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools/gemini-memory-bank

    # Remove the temporary folder
    rm -rf temp-gemini-bank
    ```

2.  **Initialize the Framework.**
    At the beginning of each work session, give your AI assistant (Gemini) one, clear command by **passing it the content of the `bootstrap.md` file**. This step is crucial for initial setup and ensures the `startup.md` file is created for future convenience.

    **Example command:**
    > `Load and execute the instructions from the file /path/to/your/project/.gemini-tools/gemini-memory-bank/bootstrap.md`

3.  **Start Working (Simplified Launch).**
    After the initial `bootstrap.md` execution, a `startup.md` file will be created in the framework's root directory. For all subsequent sessions, you can simply use:

    **Example command:**
    > `Load and execute the instructions from the file startup.md`

    This file contains explicit orders for the AI to activate the entire system: it loads the core, identifies key files, and runs the startup procedure. This is the most reliable way to start.

    After executing the startup command, the AI should respond with something like:
    > `Context loaded. The project board has 2 tasks in 'To Do' and 0 in 'In Progress'. What should we focus on?`

    From this moment, the system is fully active and ready for work.

## Core Principles

1.  **Multi-Mode Operation**: The AI automatically switches between modes (`Planning`, `Implementation`, `Documentation`, `Rabbit`, etc.) depending on the task.
2.  **Task Management**: All tasks are tracked on the `project_board.md`, ensuring transparency and control over the workflow.
3.  **Long-Term Memory**: Session context is saved in `session_memory.md`, allowing you to pick up your work from anywhere, on any machine.
4.  **Definition of Done**: A task is not considered "Done" until the code is written, tests are passed, **and** the documentation is updated.

---

## How to Use: The Main Workflow

The primary workflow is centered around the `project_board.md` task board.

### 1. Planning (Creating Tasks)

*   **Your command:** `"plan the implementation of the authentication feature"` or `"let's create a work plan for today"`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    1.  Switches to **Planning Mode**.
    2.  Asks clarifying questions and creates a detailed plan.
    3.  After your approval, **automatically** adds each plan item as a task to the `To Do` column on the `project_board.md`.

### 2. Implementation (Completing Tasks)

*   **Your command:** `"let's start with the task to create the login UI"` or simply `"what's our next task?"`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    1.  Switches to **Implementation Mode**.
    2.  Moves the selected task to `In Progress` on the board.
    3.  Writes the code, tests, and performs all necessary work.
    4.  **Forcibly** switches to **Documentation Mode** to update `README.md`, `CHANGELOG.md`, etc.
    5.  Only after your final approval, it moves the task to `Done`.

### 3. Management and Review

*   **Your command:** `"show me the project board"`, `"audit the documentation for relevance"`, `"archive our session"`.
*   **Framework Updates**: `"update framework from /path/to/new_version"`
    *   **What the AI does**: Switches to **Update Framework Mode**. Compares versions, asks for confirmation if downgrading, copies new framework files (excluding user data like `project_board.md`, `session_memory.md`), and then re-initializes the framework via `bootstrap.md`.
*   **What the AI does:**
    *   **Task Management**: Displays the `project_board.md`.
    *   **Documentation (Audit)**: Checks for discrepancies between code and docs.
    *   **Archive**: Saves the session summary to `session_memory.md`.
    *   **Reflect**: Analyzes past sessions to find bottlenecks and provide recommendations.
    *   **Security and Compliance**: Performs security audits and compliance checks.

---

## Framework Structure

*   `README.md`: This guide (in English).
*   `README.ru.md`: The same guide in Russian.
*   `project_board.md`: **Your task board.** The main file for daily work.
*   `session_memory.md`: The AI's long-term memory. Can be left untouched.
*   `CHANGELOG.md`: The project's change history.
*   `manifest.json`: Configuration file for all modes.
*   `core/`: The core with the AI's main logic.
*   `docs/`: A folder for detailed project documentation.
*   `modes/`: A folder containing the instructions for each operational mode.

This framework is designed to make collaboration with AI as structured, predictable, and professional as possible.
